AUS - REDES - RODRIGUEZ COSTELLO, ALEJANDRO C.

REGISTRACIÓN EN OPNET IT GURU ACADEMIC EDITION
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
THANK YOU FOR REGISTERING WITH OPNET TECHNOLOGIES.

Please use the username and password below to download OPNET IT Guru
Academic Edition.

       username eze080
       password fop5a6ie

Please save your username and password because you will need them to access
important information on OPNET's website, including the web pages
referenced below.

If you do not already have the IT Guru Academic Edition installer, download
the software from here:
       http://www.opnet.com/itguru-academic/download.html

Once you have downloaded the installer, run it to install the software.
Then run the software, which will guide you through the product activation
process.

For additional information related to IT Guru Academic Edition, including
FAQs:
       http://www.opnet.com/itguru-academic/home.html


About IT Guru Academic Edition
OPNET IT Guru Academic Edition provides a virtual environment for modeling,
analyzing, and predicting the performance of IT infrastructures, including
applications, servers, and networking technologies. Based on OPNET's
award-winning IT Guru product, Academic Edition is designed to complement
specific lab exercises that teach fundamental networking concepts. The
commercial version of IT Guru has broader capabilities designed for the
enterprise IT environment, documentation, and professional support. OPNET
software is used by thousands of commercial and government organizations
worldwide, and by over 500 universities.

About OPNET Technologies Inc.
Founded in 1986, OPNET Technologies is the pioneer and leading provider of
Intelligent Network Management software. For more information about OPNET,
please visit us online at www.opnet.com <http://www.opnet.com/> .

Please do not reply to this automated email message. If you have questions
about OPNET IT Guru Academic Edition, please use the resources available
from the following website: http://www.opnet.com/itguru-academic/home.html